# Ligg.EasyWinApp
  This solution  is a windows application programing framework and a winform UI library.  there are 4 projects:  
  Ligg.EasyWinform is a winform application programing framework and a winform UI library. By this project, never need any code, only by XML file to build any complex Windows winform GUI, implement basic basic process control (value assignment, conditional judgment, loop, jump) and functions (string/file basic function, Windows script processing, logic judgment, mathematical operation, data input/output, etc, string, Jonson, DataTable data supported ) in an Execel formular like manner; load 'Plug and Play' .Net component or COM component to achieve specific business processing function; supports multi-threading and multi-language.
  Ligg EasyWinRestful  is a Restful client based on windows, it is a Person-To-Machines instant messager built-in functions such as chatting, sending/receiving files, snapping screen, etc.  By loading different'Plug and Play' .Net component or COM component can achieve different function. It can be used as an agent for IT maintenance automation to real-time maitain/monitor computers.
  Ligg EasyWinservice  is a windows service application template. By configuration files and different'Plug and Play' .Net components or COM components achieve different functions. 
  Ligg EasyWinConsole  is a windows Console application template. Similar to Ligg.Easywinform, never need any code only by configuration file to implement basic basic process control and functions in an Execel formular like manner; load 'Plug and Play' .Net component or COM component to achieve specific business processing function.